[narrator] It is said that
every several hundred years,
the goddess Athena is reincarnated.
And now a new Athena
has been born into this world,
but, this time,
under a dark prophecy
that she will lead
mankind to ruin.
The warriors who protected
the goddess Athena
were known as Knights.
Today, a new generation
of Knights
control the fate of the world.
They are called
the Knights of the Zodiac.
["Pegasus Seiya" playing]
♪ Hold it in your heart ♪
♪ Cosmo is a part of you ♪
♪ Burning hot, gotta flow
Don’t you stop it, let it go ♪
♪ Prophesies are made
And galaxies are far from here ♪
♪ But you don’t need them now
Stay strong and believe what you feel ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Pegasus, this destiny
No one can take it away from you ♪
♪ Now your home is the sky
And your dreams are the wings ♪
♪ They’re gonna take you high ♪
♪ Saint Seiya ♪
♪ Signs out there keep calling ♪
♪ Forever
We will stand with you ‘til the end ♪
♪ Ooh, yeah ♪
♪ They say that
All boys are born true fighters ♪
♪ Remember you can do this
Then fly away ♪
[music ends]
[narrator]
Previously on Saint Seiya...
What?!
[Seiya] I did it!
The Armor's mine.
[Marin] Go to the tournament...
[Sienna]
...called Galaxian Wars.
[roars]
Now die!
[Sienna] Throughout history,
Sanctuary existed only
to serve and protect Athena,
but they've lost their way.
Now their only goal
is to kill me.
Because you're
going to end the world.
The prophecy foretold it.
That's what Sanctuary believes,
but they're wrong.
If you've fallen
for the prophecy,
then kill me. I'm not afraid.
[Magnus sighs]
Someone or something
has manipulated Sanctuary,
twisted it,
made it think I'm the danger
when the real danger
lies elsewhere.
I don't believe you!
But it's true.
When I was reincarnated as Athena,
I was born with a prophecy
that, this time, Athena will
lose against Poseidon and Hades
and lead mankind
to ruin and destruction.
You'll bring death to humanity.
The Knights have decided
to protect humans ourselves.
Do not decide who I am
and what I do.
I've never wanted to destroy
humanity, and I never will.
I will prove
that the prophecy is wrong.
You can feel it.
You know it's true.
Hmph.
[Knight] Sienna,
what's going on here?
Everything's fine.
I appreciate
you coming to my aid,
but it was
just a misunderstanding.
Magnus means no harm.
[Seiya sighs]
Why did Marin want me
to come and fight these people?
[Vander]
Adjust pulse cycles to 400.
Triple the molecular wave density.
The structural integrity
needs to be stronger
than previous iterations.
[engineer] Yes, sir.
Good. Begin the test.
[assistant] Mr. Guraad!
What?
I-I'm sorry, Mr. Guraad.
-I didn't mean to--
-Too late.
Now what's so important
that you dare interrupt me?
One of your spy cameras
discovered this.
Hmm.
Sienna...
the Pegasus Bronze Knight...
and the Gold Armor,
all in one place.
Hmm.
-[metal clangs]
-[Knight grunting]
[groans]
Damn it!
[classical music playing]
Down there again, Magnus?
You're lucky
you don't freeze to death.
I've come to bring you this.
-[grunts]
-A message from Sanctuary.
Huh?
[gasps]
I don't get it.
What was he complaining about
to Sienna up there?
No one else thinks
that was suspicious?
You're always
going up there, Jab.
Trying to impress Lady Sienna?
-Wha?!
-[Seiya laughs]
What the hell are you saying?!
-I was just--
-You guys leaving?
Well, we didn't make it
to the second round,
so there's no reason
for us to stay.
Besides, that Gold Armor
must be fake,
and that woman
dressed up like a goddess,
who does she think
she is, anyway?
[laughs]
Well, take care of yourselves.
Yeah, you, too.
Bunch of cowards.
They lost, so they ran.
What?
They're honorable warriors.
Hah! You might as well
go with them, Seiya,
'cause you're
gonna lose soon, too!
-Shut up, Jab!
-[yells]
Being a Knight
takes self-control.
That means knowing
when to fight and when not to.
[sighs] Fine.
Go ahead, Seiya.
Waste all your energy brawling.
Just don't expect me to go easy
on you in the next round.
[Seiya sighs] Whatever.
[Armor activates]
[Seiya] Who does
Long think he is, anyway?
It's not like
he's our leader or anything.
Why in the hell does everybody
around here think they-- Eh?
-[electricity crackles]
-[yells]
[guard] Hands off
the manhole cover, please!
Uh, hello?
Hello.
Uh, who are you?
This is Security.
This is a private facility.
I'm going to have
to ask you to leave.
I was just inside a second ago.
The manhole cover is shut,
and I can't get back in.
Can't you just look
at the video footage and see?
I'm not authorized
to view video footage.
Why the hell not?
I'm not authorized
to answer questions.
Look, I'm a Knight.
I'm Pegasus Seiya.
Well, that's different.
Of course Pegasus Seiya
can come inside,
just as soon
as I see your pendant.
[sighs] I left it inside.
[groans]
Listen to me!
I have to fight
in the next tournament match!
Wait. Am I arguing
with a robot manhole cover?
I'm not a robot manhole cover.
Security works offsite.
Why would you think
I'm a robot manhole cover?
Please try to understand--
Rules are rules.
[sighs]
Lady Sienna herself could
try to get through this door,
but no pendant, no entry.
No exceptions!
[sighs]
I could blast my way back in,
but I can't use
my Cosmo for that.
But I don't have a choice.
Don't even think about it.
-Sorry, but I
have to get back inside!
You think you're tough?
You don't know tough.
And if you come
at this manhole cover,
you better be ready
to finish me,
because once it starts,
I will not hesitate
to put you in the ground.
You hear me?!
Pegasus Ryu-Sei--
-Seiya?
-Hah!
Seiya, what are you doing?
They're gonna start
without you. Come on!
[Seiya] But-- But--
[Shaun] Seiya!
He's gone.
Security guard always wins.
[solemn music playing]
Mylock, shall we resume?
[Mylock] Next match,
Dragon Long
versus Pegasus Seiya.
[energetic music playing]
Are you ready, Seiya?
Yeah, I'm good. Let's do this.
[Long yells]
[groans]
Did he just...
Yeah, I think he did.
This might be over.
[both gasp]
[sighs]
You can take a punch.
And you can throw one.
Where'd you learn
to swing like that?
[man] Long...
ignite your Cosmo,
and try again.
[grunting]
I can't do it, Master!
-You can't?
-Master Dohko,
no one can make the Lushan
Waterfall flow backwards!
It's against the law of nature!
It just can't be done!
It's impossible!
Who decided the law of nature
in which things flow from up
to down, from high to low?
Even the Yangtze River
flows backwards, doesn't it?
But, Master--
But nothing.
You say, "No one can,"
but Knights must be capable
of doing the things no one can.
Otherwise, how can you
even protect Athena?
Thank you for your advice,
Master.
I realize I was wrong.
[grunting]
He's never going to do it.
-Nonsense, Shunrei.
-[gasps]
You only say that
because it's probably true.
But Master Dohko,
this is the Lushan Waterfall.
In the poem, Li Bai wrote,
"Three thousand feet
straight down,
the white spray torrent runs,
descending from Ninth Heaven.
Could this be the Milky Way?"
[panting]
[Dohko sighs]
Birds read the streams of wind.
Fishes read the flows of water.
What about Knights?
Huh?
Ah.
What you mean is
don't see the water as water.
See it as another stream
of Cosmo. Am I right?
[exciting music playing]
[yells]
[Shunrei gasps]
That was amazing, Long!
You're outmatched.
[Seiya]
I've spent my entire life
fighting guys bigger
and stronger than me.
I find a way to win.
Not this time, Seiya.
Master Dohko taught me this
at Lushan Mountain,
the ultimate dragon technique.
[growls]
Lúshān shēnglóng bà!
[yells]
[Long] I think it's over.
[Knight] Not yet, it ain't.
Hmm? [gasps]
[Seiya] That...
the best...
you got?
You took Lúshān shēnglóng bà to the face
full force,
and you're still standing?
I admire your strength.
Nothing is impossible
if you have something
worth fighting for,
and I do!
[both gasp]
[energetic music playing]
Pegasus Ryu-Sei-Ken!
Wait. What was that?
What did Dragon Long just do?!
-What happened?
-[Jab] Uh...
[Magnus] It's obvious.
It happened
right in front of us.
-Uh...
[Magnus] Seiya's punches
were breaking the sound barrier,
but Dragon's shield
blocked them, all of them.
You gotta be kidding me.
My Pegasus Ryu-Sei-Ken should
be too powerful to block,
even if you have
a strong armored shield!
That might be true
for other armors,
but the Dragon Armor is special.
Nothing can get past my shield.
It's unbeatable.
The day my Cosmo
forced the waters
of the Lushan to flow upwards,
it revealed the Dragon Armor.
Battered for eons
by the falling water,
the Armor had grown harder and
more radiant than a diamond.
[tone rings]
My Armor is the hardest
substance known to man.
No matter how fast or hard
you strike, you've lost, Seiya.
We're both Knights, and I don't
gain anything by destroying you,
so I'm going to give you
the chance to give up and live.
[groans]
Oh, wow,
let me think about that.
How 'bout, "No way"?
[Long] I'm impressed
you've gotten up twice,
but you're not getting up
a third time!
[growls]
I don't want
to accidentally kill you, Seiya!
Give up, and go down!
[both gasp]
[Magnus] Seiya has lost unless
he can find Long's weakness.
[Jab] Are you crazy?
Look at him.
Long doesn't have a weakness.
[Magnus]
Everyone has a weakness.
Some weaknesses
are harder to locate,
and some people
just don't know how to look.
[yells]
[yelling]
[Seiya] I see it.
He sees it.
Lúshan Shenglóng--
Pegasus Ryu-Sei-Ken!
Sorry, Seiya. No matter
how many punches you throw,
I can block them all.
You lose.
[winces] What?
You didn't block them all, Long.
One got through.
[sighs]
Just one punch won't be
enough to beat me, Seiya.
Lúshan Shenglóng--
Pegasus Ryu-Sei-Ken!
-[Long groans]
-[Seiya] Two punches that time.
[coughs]
But how?
You tried to hide it, Long,
but your attack has a flaw,
and I've found it!
What?
[Dohko] The dragon is
not invulnerable, Long.
It has a gap in its scales.
Come. Show me your attack.
There.
When you perform
your Lúshān shēnglóng bà,
your heart is exposed for
one one-thousandth of a second.
[Long]
One one-thousandth of a second?
But no one punches that fast.
No one punches
that fast... yet.
-No! That's not possible!
-This will finish you!
Lúshan Shenglóng--
Pegasus Ryu-Sei-Ken!
[yells]
[screaming]
[clatter echoes]
[panting]
Is it...
No pulse!
Long's heart has stopped!
What?
-Long is dead?!
-No.
[Magnus] He could--
Never mind.
There's nothing you can do.
-[Seiya gasps]
-What were you going to say?
Spit it out!
The Dragon's weakness
was his heart.
A Knight's blow could stop it.
[Jab] We know. We saw.
[Magnus] So, in theory,
the same blow to his back
should make it beat again.
Seiya's punch
could restart Long's heart.
-[Knights] Wha?!
-But that's only in theory.
In reality, Seiya doesn't
have enough energy to walk,
let alone throw a punch.
The effort would kill him.
Get his chest plate off,
and hold him steady
Okay. Jab, give me your hands!
You got it.
[panting]
Hurry. His Cosmo is leaving him!
[Magnus] What is Seiya doing?
Why would he risk his own life
to save Long's?
[panting]
Seiya!
Hold on, Seiya!
You aren't going to die.
You hear me?
The Dragon will live!
[both groan]
[Long gasps, coughs]
[water sloshes]
[sighs]
You did it, Seiya,
and you won the fight.
Yeah, I guess I did.
[sighs]
[assistant] Your forces will be
in position soon, Mr. Guraad.
[computer chiming]
[man] I've been here waiting.
What are your orders, Vander?
My forces will dispose of Sienna
and the Bronze Knights.
You take care of the Gold Armor.
[Magnus] Seiya had the guts
to risk his life to save Long.
I thought I knew the score,
but there's so much
I don't understand.
And what if Sienna is right?
Then this is just the beginning
of many more battles to come.
["Somebody New" playing]
♪ Believe me, I'm speechless ♪
♪ I wish that I could say those words ♪
♪ You whispered so sweetly ♪
♪ And maybe I'll regret this but
I've gotta be honest ♪
♪ Cause we made a promise,
I won't break it now ♪
♪ I wish I could hold you ♪
♪ But how could I be so unfair ♪
♪ To lead us to nowhere? ♪
♪ We've both been down that road before ♪
♪ And if it should end us
Please know that I'm helpless ♪
♪ I've made up my mind ♪
♪ It's not that I don't feel
The feelings you do ♪
♪ It's just my heart's not ready yet ♪
♪ For something so soon, yeah ♪
♪ For somebody new ♪
[music ends]